feat: enable wasm-storage module (#235)
sedaprotocol/seda-chain: README.md

### Build From Source

> Note that the `main` branch is unstable. For a stable version, `git checkout` a tag that has been released.

Reviewer: Just a minor suggestion, but you can leave as it is:
```suggestion
Note that the `main` branch is under development and might not always be stable. For a stable version, consider checking out a released tag using `git checkout`.
```

Author: perfect. updated
